well Cheevers we Thanatos farm actually
now rick rolled his truck last week so
he's been out and he's got himself a
nice new ride we've just been doing all
up for himself
a nice nice little listen twin-cam there
right that's Rick's little racer so he
said you're gonna take it out Fidel
first maiden voyage in a minute donar up
we got a flag like bugs on the back got
a racing wing on here
she should be pretty good I think she's
gonna be quite fast being a twin-cam but
it's now a lot of miles and it's a
little bit rotten underneath but we're
safe oh it's down look at him go I hello
mate see you got yourself a nice new
ride I say hey yeah she's nice what do
you think she's gonna go like no seat I
know for a more than maiden voyage a
let's see her got it buddy
I sell richens gonna learn his first
major voyage in the new racer
stupid I've in a moment
it sounds really nice
she raps good
sounds right
it really does oh she sounds nice
sounds good
he's pretty quick it counts rhythm
she sounds way
look at out goes fast
she's fast she might even give pug
around for the old money I she might do
oh those sweet
that's our parks car now have a little
bit of action
oh yeah he's got some action with rickum
let's all get so what's she like
no one drinkin
she got iRig
we should go like fast it is fast look
quick ready Quakers I think he might
give you some doing around for your
money and I don't flare up buddy
there we go
here he comes on his second run
that's fast
that's fast we're gonna have to get that
up against bugs racer definitely that's
quick well looks like a boys gonna have
a rice and I know for a fact that that
in essence can absolutely cream the
escal it's way way faster now that in
essence way faster he needs to race it
against pugs race car I think that's the
only thing I might be it down here they
come
sounds on Wickham's goal or wheelspin
going on there god that thing is loud oh
he's just railing fro he's absolutely
flying
lion listen to that big guy that's a
real twin cam for you happy any day my
ThinkPad meet skis race car out that's
the only thing that maybe might be in
listen to that nests and go bucs
definitely have to give him a rice
that's fast
it's not gonna like it being in the back